Best Practices guide on upgrading Astro Runtime (#3767)
astronomer/docs: astro/best-practices/upgrading-astro.md

---
title: "Upgrading Astro Runtime"
sidebar_label: "Upgrading Astro Runtime"
description: "How to upgrade your version of Astro Runtime safely and rollback if necessary."
id: upgrading-astro
---

Astro includes features that make upgrading to the latest version of Astro Runtime easy and, more importantly, safe. When taking advantage of these features, you should keep a few best practices in mind to ensure that your Deployments remain stable and have all the latest fixes and improvements.

## Overview

> In this guide, you'll learn about best practices to follow when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you'll learn about best practices to follow when upgrading Astro Runtime, including:
```

> - Upgrading Astro Runtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monitoring for needed upgrades with Organization Dashboards and the Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy.
- Preparing to upgrade safely with upgrade tests. 
```

- Performing a rollback to an earlier deployment and Runtime version in an emergency.

> ## General best practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Best practice guidance
```

> Keeping the version of Astro Runtime in your projects up-to-date is highly recommended as new versions are released regularly to apply bug fixes, security fixes, and improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping the version of Astro Runtime in your projects up-to-date is highly recommended as new versions are released regularly to apply bug fixes, security fixes, and improvements. Astro provides features to help with every step of the upgrade process.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitoring for upgrades

It is best practice to upgrade your Deployments to new Astro Runtime versions as promptly as possible.

Enterprise users can use organization dashboards to check whether a Deployment's Astro Runtime version is currently supported. See [Organization dashboard](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/organization-dashboard#deployment-detail) for details. This is especially helpful in cases where your organization has many Deployments to track.

We also recommend reviewing the [Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-maintenance-policy) for maintenance duration information so you have plenty of time to upgrade before the maintenance window for your current version closes.

```

> Upgrades can include breaking changes, particularly in the case of new major versions. Provider package upgrades in new minor versions of the underlying Airflow package can also cause issues. The Astro CLI has [built-in functionality](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/test-your-astro-project-locally#test-before-an-astro-runtime-upgrade) to keep such changes from breaking your DAGs. We recommend making use of this feature prior to every upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upgrading smoothly 

Upgrades can include breaking changes, particularly in the case of new major versions. Provider package upgrades in new minor versions of the underlying Airflow package can also cause issues. The Astro CLI has [built-in functionality](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/test-your-astro-project-locally#test-before-an-astro-runtime-upgrade) to keep such changes from breaking your DAGs. We recommend making use of this feature prior to every upgrade.
```
Let's also move the contents of "Upgrading Astro Runtime" into this subsection.

> We also recommend reviewing the [Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-maintenance-policy) for maintenance duration information so you have plenty of time to upgrade before the maintenance window for your current version closes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rolling back Deployments
```

> In the case of emergencies, a rollback to a previous deploy can be used to downgrade the Astro Runtime version. Astro's rollback functionality, akin to Git's `revert` feature, makes use of Astro's deploy history. Rollbacks revert project code only, keeping environment variables and other configuration unchanged. Also, downgrading erases any data related to newer features. For these reasons, we recommend viewing rollbacks only as a measure of last resort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of emergencies, a rollback to a previous deploy can be used to downgrade the Astro Runtime version. Astro's rollback functionality, akin to Git's `revert` feature, makes use of Astro's deploy history. Rollbacks revert project code only, keeping environment variables and other configuration unchanged. Also, downgrading erases any data related to newer features. For these reasons, we recommend viewing rollbacks only as a measure of last resort.

:::danger

Astronomer recommends triggering Deployment rollbacks only as a last resort for recent deploys that aren't working as expected. Deployment rollbacks can be disruptive, especially if you triggered multiple deploys between your current version and the rollback version. See [What happens during a deploy rollback](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-3-optional-run-upgrade-tests-with-the-astro-cli:~:text=What%20happens%20during%20a%20deploy%20rollback).

:::

:::tip

The `upgrade-test` command can also be used to test the current Runtime version against a _downgraded_ version.

:::
```

> :::note
> 
> Enterprise users can use organization dashboards to check whether a Deployment's Astro Runtime version is currently supported. See [Organization dashboard](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/organization-dashboard#deployment-detail) for details.
> 
> Upgrading to certain versions of Runtime can result in extended upgrade times or otherwise disruptive changes to your environment. To learn more, see [Version-specific upgrade considerations](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#version-upgrade-considerations).
> 
> ::: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Upgrading Astro Runtime

Reviewer: Mentioned above, but let's move this under the best practices subsection above. So we just have one section talking about each, since we aren't going into implementation details here.

For a smooth upgrade path, we recommend following the guidance in [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime) with special attention to these optional steps: 
- Pinning the provider package versions in your current version of Runtime to ensure a stable upgrade path. This is a simple process involving a single command and, if necessary, modification of `requirements.txt` based on the output.
- Running upgrade tests to anticipate and address problems. This involves a single command that:

	- Compares dependency versions between the current and upgraded environments.
	- Checks DAGs in the project against the new Airflow version for errors.
	- Runs a DAG parse test with the new Airflow version.
	- Produces in new project directory `upgrade-test-<current_version>--<upgraded_version>`:
		- A report with environment metadata and a Results table including any errors logged.
		- An upgraded `Dockerfile`.
		- `pip freeze` output for both versions.
		- A Dependency Compare report with comprehensive information about updates and removals. 

> <p align="center">

Reviewer: In the deploy preview it doesn't look like these are centering. But I think if you tab them in under the bullet point they'll align with the bullet.

	![Astro Upgrade Test Report](/img/guides/astro-upgrade_test_report.png)
</p>

```text
Apache Airflow Update:
apache-airflow 2.9.0+astro.2 >> 2.9.1+astro.1

Airflow Providers Minor Updates:
apache-airflow-providers-celery 3.6.2 >> 3.7.0

Airflow Providers Patch Updates:
apache-airflow-providers-openlineage 1.7.0 >> 1.7.1

Unknown Updates:
msrestazure 0.6.4 >> 0.6.4.post1

Major Updates:
azure-mgmt-datafactory 6.1.0 >> 7.0.0

Minor Updates:
Flask-Caching 2.1.0 >> 2.2.0

Patch Updates:
Mako 1.3.2 >> 1.3.3

Added Packages:
methodtools==0.4.7

```

For more details about the `upgrade-test` command, see [Testing your Astro project locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/test-your-astro-project-locally#test-before-an-astro-runtime-upgrade).

> ## Rolling back deployments
> 
> :::danger
> 
> Astronomer recommends triggering Deployment rollbacks only as a last resort for recent deploys that aren't working as expected. Deployment rollbacks can be disruptive, especially if you triggered multiple deploys between your current version and the rollback version. See [What happens during a deploy rollback](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-3-optional-run-upgrade-tests-with-the-astro-cli:~:text=What%20happens%20during%20a%20deploy%20rollback).
> 
> :::
> 
> :::tip
> 
> The `upgrade-test` command can also be used to test the current Runtime version against a _downgraded_ version.
> 
> :::
> 
> The only way to downgrade the version of Astro Runtime in a Deployment is to trigger a rollback to a previous deploy on Astro. To do so, follow the guidance in [Roll back to previous deploys using deploy histories](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-history).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: "Upgrading Astro Runtime"

> sidebar_label: "Upgrading Astro"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: "Upgrading Astro Runtime"
```
unless this it too long (but the others are longer so should be okay) - to clarify that's it's not the Astro platform that is being upgraded

description: "How to upgrade your version of Astro Runtime safely and rollback if necessary."
id: upgrading-astro
---

Astro includes features that make upgrading to the latest version of Astro Runtime easy and, more importantly, safe. When taking advantage of these features, you should keep a few best practices in mind to ensure that your Deployments remain stable and current with the latest fixes and improvements.

## Feature overview

> In this guide, you'll learn:

Reviewer: Let's add org dashboards to this list (but note for Enterprise only)

- How to use the [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/cli/overview.md) to test an Astro project against a higher version of Astro Runtime for dependency conflicts and import errors prior to upgrading. 
- How to use the Astro UI to perform a rollback to an earlier deployment and Runtime version in an emergency.

> ## Best practice guidance

Reviewer: Let's mention our runtime maintenance policy here: https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-maintenance-policy. And add the guidance that you should be aware of how long your version will be supported and give yourself plenty of time to upgrade.

> ## Best practice guidance

Reviewer: Related to above comment, let's also add that Enterprise customers can use org dashboards to monitor the version of all their deployments https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/organization-dashboard#deployment-detail

> Keeping the version of Astro Runtime in your projects up-to-date is highly recommended as new versions are released regularly to apply bug fixes, security fixes, and improvements not only to Astro but also the underlying Airflow package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keeping the version of Astro Runtime in your projects up-to-date is highly recommended as new versions are released regularly to apply bug fixes, security fixes, and improvements to Airflow.
```

> Upgrades can apply breaking changes, particularly in the case of new major versions. The Astro CLI has built-in functionality to identify and help resolve problems. We recommend making use of these features prior to upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrades can apply breaking changes, particularly in the case of new major versions. With new minor versions of Airflow, it is typically provider package upgrades that cause issues. The Astro CLI has built-in functionality to identify and help resolve problems. We recommend making use of these features prior to upgrades.
```

In the case of emergencies, a rollback to a previous deploy can be used to downgrade the Astro Runtime version. Astro's rollback functionality, akin to Git's `revert` feature, makes use of Astro's deploy history. Rollbacks revert project code only, keeping environment variables and other configuration unchanged. Also, downgrading erases any data related to newer features. For these reasons, we recommend viewing rollbacks only as a measure of last resort.

:::note

Upgrading to certain versions of Runtime might result in extended upgrade times or otherwise disruptive changes to your environment. To learn more, see [Version-specific upgrade considerations](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#version-upgrade-considerations).

::: 

## Assumed knowledge

To get the most out of this guide, you should have a basic understanding of:

- The [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/cli/overview.md).

> - Creating and managing [Deployment](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-deployment)s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating and managing [Deployments](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/create-deployment).
```

> ### Prepare for upgrades

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prepare for upgrades
```

> ### Prepare for upgrades

Reviewer: I left some comments on formatting below, but now that I look at it, I didn't realize we had the step by step upgrading instructions in https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime. I'm not sure there's benefit to repeating any of those steps here (and generally we're trying to avoid duplicating content for maintenance purposes). But I think the benefit of this doc could be to say 1) best practice guidance is to do _all_ the optional steps in that doc, and 2) use features like org dashboards and rollbacks for upgrading promptly with guardrails. Also want to pose this to the docs team and see what they think.

Author: @kentdanas I cut out the duplicative step-by-step guidance and reframed/reorganized the doc to make it higher-level and supplemental. In doing this, I felt that the section headings no longer made sense, so this includes edits to those, as well. Please lmk what you think!

Before upgrading Astro Runtime, we recommend: 
- Pinning the provider package versions in your current version of Runtime to ensure a stable upgrade path.
- Running upgrade tests to anticipate and address problems.

> #### Pin provider versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pin provider versions
```

> New major versions of Astro Runtime can include major upgrades to built-in provider packages that can sometimes include breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New major versions of Astro Runtime (which correspond to minor versions of Airflow) can include major upgrades to built-in provider packages that can sometimes include breaking changes.
```

Check the version of all provider packages installed in your Runtime version by running:

```bash
docker run --rm quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:<current-runtime-version> pip freeze | grep apache-airflow-providers
```

Then, pin the package versions in `requirements.txt`:

```text
apache-airflow-providers-amazon==8.20.0
```

For more details, see [Upgrading Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-2-optional-pin-provider-package-versions).

> #### Run upgrade tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run upgrade tests
```

- Runs a DAG parse test with the new Airflow version.
- Produces in new project directory `upgrade-test-<current_version>--<upgraded_version>` containing:
	- A report with environment metadata and a Results table including any errors logged.
	- An upgraded `Dockerfile`.
	- `pip freeze` output for both versions.
	- A Dependency Compare report with comprehensive information about updates and removals. 

<p align="center">
	![Astro Upgrade Test Report](/img/guides/astro-upgrade_test_report.png)
</p>

```text
Apache Airflow Update:
apache-airflow 2.9.0+astro.2 >> 2.9.1+astro.1

Airflow Providers Minor Updates:
apache-airflow-providers-celery 3.6.2 >> 3.7.0

Airflow Providers Patch Updates:
apache-airflow-providers-openlineage 1.7.0 >> 1.7.1

Unknown Updates:
msrestazure 0.6.4 >> 0.6.4.post1

Major Updates:
azure-mgmt-datafactory 6.1.0 >> 7.0.0

Minor Updates:
Flask-Caching 2.1.0 >> 2.2.0

Patch Updates:
Mako 1.3.2 >> 1.3.3

Added Packages:
methodtools==0.4.7

```

For more details about this command, see [Testing your Astro project locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/test-your-astro-project-locally#test-before-an-astro-runtime-upgrade).

> ### Upgrade the Astro Runtime version and deploy to Astro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrade the Astro Runtime version and deploy to Astro
```

Follow the steps in [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime) to:

1. Change the version of Runtime in your `Dockerfile`.
2. Test Runtime locally.
3. Upgrade and test provider packages.
4. Deploy to Astronomer.
5. Confirm your upgrade on Astro.

> ### Rolling back deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rolling back deployments
```

:::danger

Astronomer recommends triggering Deployment rollbacks only as a last resort for recent deploys that aren't working as expected. Deployment rollbacks can be disruptive, especially if you triggered multiple deploys between your current version and the rollback version. See [What happens during a deploy rollback](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-3-optional-run-upgrade-tests-with-the-astro-cli:~:text=What%20happens%20during%20a%20deploy%20rollback).

:::

:::tip

The `upgrade-test` command can also be used to test the current Runtime version against a _downgraded_ version.

:::

1. In the Astro UI, select a Deployment.
2. Click **Deploy History**.
3. Locate the deploy you want to roll back to. In the **Rollback to** column for the deploy, click **Deploy**.
4. Provide a description for your rollback, then complete the confirmation to trigger the rollback.

For more details, see [Deploy history](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-history#roll-back-to-a-past-deploy) and [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-7-deploy-to-astronomer).

> See also [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-3-optional-run-upgrade-tests-with-the-astro-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See also 

- [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-3-optional-run-upgrade-tests-with-the-astro-cli).
```

---
title: "Upgrading Astro Runtime"
sidebar_label: "Upgrading Astro Runtime"
description: "How to upgrade your version of Astro Runtime safely and rollback if necessary."
id: upgrading-astro
---

> Astro includes features that make upgrading to the latest version of Astro Runtime easy and, more importantly, safe. When taking advantage of these features, you should keep a few best practices in mind to ensure that your Deployments remain stable and have all the latest fixes and improvements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astro includes features that make upgrading to the latest version of Astro Runtime easy and, more importantly, safe. When leveraging these features, follow these best practices ensure that your Deployments remain stable after you upgrade:
```

> 
> ## Overview

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Because the first section is an overview itself, we tend not have an explicit "Overview" topic to simplify the doc and get to the core content faster

> 
> In this guide, you'll learn about best practices to follow when upgrading Astro Runtime, including:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Monitoring for needed upgrades with Organization Dashboards and the Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy.
> - Preparing to upgrade safely with upgrade tests. 
> - Performing a rollback to an earlier deployment and Runtime version in an emergency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Monitor for upgrade opportunities using [Organization dashboards](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/organization-dashboard), as well as by following the [Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy). 
- Check [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime) for advisories on the specific version you're upgrading to.
- Prepare to upgrade safely using [upgrade tests](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/cli/test-your-astro-project-locally#test-before-an-astro-runtime-upgrade). 
- In the case of a malfunction after upgrading, revert to your original Astro Runtime version using [deploy rollbacks](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/deploy-history).

Use this document to learn more about each of these best practices for upgrading Astro Runtime.
```

## Best practice guidance

> Keeping the version of Astro Runtime in your projects up-to-date is highly recommended as new versions are released regularly to apply bug fixes, security fixes, and improvements. Astro provides features to help with every step of the upgrade process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's best practice to keep your running Astro Runtime versions up-to-date. Astro Runtime upgrades include new Airflow features, as well as bug fixes, security fixes, and improvements to Astro. 

```

### Monitoring for upgrades

> 
> It is best practice to upgrade your Deployments to new Astro Runtime versions as promptly as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This feels redundant to the first point

> Enterprise users can use organization dashboards to check whether a Deployment's Astro Runtime version is currently supported. See [Organization dashboard](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/organization-dashboard#deployment-detail) for details. This is especially helpful in cases where your organization has many Deployments to track.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astro users on the Enterprise tier can use Organization dashboards to check whether their currently running Astro Runtime versions are currently supported, as well as how much time is left before they become unsupported. This is especially helpful in cases where your organization has many Deployments to track. See [Organization dashboards](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/organization-dashboard#deployment-detail) for steps to access these dashboards.
```

> We also recommend reviewing the [Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-maintenance-policy) for maintenance duration information so you have plenty of time to upgrade before the maintenance window for your current version closes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't have the Enterprise tier of Astro, you can still reference the [Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-maintenance-policy) to see when you'll need to upgrade your Deployments to a new version of Astro Runtime.
```

> ### Upgrading smoothly 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Performing an upgrade
```

> ### Upgrading smoothly 

Reviewer 2: Both of these actions are included as steps in [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-3-optional-run-upgrade-tests-with-the-astro-cli). I'd prefer if we made the main focus of this topic "Use the process documented in [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/upgrade-runtime#step-3-optional-run-upgrade-tests-with-the-astro-cli) as the basis for all upgrades. It gives step-by-step guidance on completing an upgrade, as well as version specific advice. In particular, the following steps should be followed for a smooth upgrade:"

It's a subtle edit, but I'd like to frame reading the doc as the primary best practice, and to get that stated as soon as possible in the topic.

> Upgrades can include breaking changes, particularly in the case of new major versions. Provider package upgrades in new minor versions of the underlying Airflow package can also cause issues. The Astro CLI has [built-in functionality](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/test-your-astro-project-locally#test-before-an-astro-runtime-upgrade) to keep such changes from breaking your DAGs. We recommend making use of this feature prior to every upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime upgrades can include breaking changes, especially when you upgrade to a new major version. Provider package upgrades in new minor versions of the underlying Airflow package can also cause issues. The Astro CLI has [built-in functionality](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/test-your-astro-project-locally#test-before-an-astro-runtime-upgrade) to keep such changes from breaking your DAGs. Astronomer recommends making use of this feature prior to every upgrade.
```

For a smooth upgrade path, we recommend following the guidance in [Upgrade Astro Runtime](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/upgrade-runtime) with special attention to these optional steps: 
- Pinning the provider package versions in your current version of Runtime to ensure a stable upgrade path. This is a simple process involving a single command and, if necessary, modification of `requirements.txt` based on the output.
- Running upgrade tests to anticipate and address problems. This involves a single command that:

	- Compares dependency versions between the current and upgraded environments.
	- Checks DAGs in the project against the new Airflow version for errors.
	- Runs a DAG parse test with the new Airflow version.
	- Produces in new project directory `upgrade-test-<current_version>--<upgraded_version>`:
		- An upgraded `Dockerfile`.
		- `pip freeze` output for both versions.
		- A report with environment metadata and a Results table including any errors logged.
		![Astro Upgrade Test Report](/img/guides/astro-upgrade_test_report.png)
		- A Dependency Compare report with comprehensive information about updates and removals. 

> 		```text

Reviewer 2: Is this the dependency compare report? Maybe we should just take a single example from this list and elaborate on it in some more detail. Right now, I'm not sure a user could make use of this block on its own.

		Apache Airflow Update:
		apache-airflow 2.9.0+astro.2 >> 2.9.1+astro.1

		Airflow Providers Minor Updates:
		apache-airflow-providers-celery 3.6.2 >> 3.7.0

		Airflow Providers Patch Updates:
		apache-airflow-providers-openlineage 1.7.0 >> 1.7.1

		Unknown Updates:
		msrestazure 0.6.4 >> 0.6.4.post1

		Major Updates:
		azure-mgmt-datafactory 6.1.0 >> 7.0.0

		Minor Updates:
		Flask-Caching 2.1.0 >> 2.2.0

		Patch Updates:
		Mako 1.3.2 >> 1.3.3

		Added Packages:
		methodtools==0.4.7

		```

For more details about the `upgrade-test` command, see [Testing your Astro project locally](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/test-your-astro-project-locally#test-before-an-astro-runtime-upgrade).

> ### Rolling back Deployments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Roll back Deployments after a broken upgrade
```

> In the case of emergencies, a rollback to a previous deploy can be used to downgrade the Astro Runtime version. Astro's rollback functionality, akin to Git's `revert` feature, makes use of Astro's deploy history. Rollbacks revert project code only, keeping environment variables and other configuration unchanged. Also, downgrading erases any data related to newer features. For these reasons, we recommend viewing rollbacks only as a measure of last resort.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the case of emergencies, you can roll back to your previous deploy to downgrade the Astro Runtime version. Astro's rollback functionality is similar to the Git `revert` command. Rollbacks revert project code only, keeping environment variables and other configuration unchanged. Also, downgrading erases any data related to newer features. For these reasons, Astronomer recommends using rollbacks only as a last resort.
```
